Fix decompositions with `LightningQubit` (#687)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning: .github/CHANGELOG.md

### Bug fixes

* `LightningQubit` correctly decomposes state prep operations when used in the middle of a circuit.

>   [(#)]()

Reviewer: :warning:

### Bug fixes

* `LightningQubit` correctly decomposes state prep operations when used in the middle of a circuit.
  [(#687)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/687)

> * `LightningQubit` correctly decomposes `qml.QFT` and `qml.GroverOperator` if wires are above a certain threshold.

Reviewer: Can we be more explicit here for the future reference?
```suggestion
* `LightningQubit` correctly decomposes `qml.QFT` and `qml.GroverOperator` if wires are above 9 and 12 respectively.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `LightningQubit` correctly decomposes `qml.QFT` and `qml.GroverOperator` if `len(wires)` is above 9 and 12 respectively.
```
